== Rails 3.2, ember.js, MongoDB, IR, bootstrap, CoffeeScript Demo

A demo app framework intended to test the integration of a whole rash
of new technologies including ember.js and MongoDB on a Rails 3.2 base.

== Requirements/Key Components

* ruby 1.9.3
* rails 3.2.2
* {rspec-rails}[http://github.com/rspec/rspec-rails]
* {mongoid}[http://github.com/mongoid/mongoid]
* {haml}[http://haml-lang.com/]
* {ember.js}[http://emberjs.com/]
* {ember-rails}[https://github.com/emberjs/ember-rails]
* {ember-rest}[https://github.com/cerebris/ember-rest]


== Getting started

I've included a default .rvmrc file in the project to use a segregated rvm environment -
feel free to ignore this.

Run `bundle install` to get all the required gems setup.

To run the application, you will need mongo installed and available on default localhost
(or modify config/mongoid.yml as required)


== Contributing
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so your changes don't get unintentionally broken in a future version.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, gemspec or changelog. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so the mater repository maintainer can cherry-pick around it.


== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Paul Gallagher and open-sourced under an MIT license.
See LICENSE for further details.
